1.	Tell me about your proudest professional achievement. It can also be a personal or school project.  
    - One of the proudest moments I had was in my Computer Graphics class. This was a programming class where we put a lot of emphasis in covering fundamentals of interactive 3D computer graphics. 
    As final project we had the option to create any project we wanted. I develped an interactive 3d project that allows users to navigate, explore, and learn the anatomy of an animal cell. The user is able 
    to pinpoint a particular area of the cell and learn how an individual component of the cell works. I spent multiple hours to complete this project, and I was proud of it beacuse I was able
    to show a visual representation of my work to programers and non-prgramers. I was able to show my mom and friends that had little to zero knowladge of programing, why I liked coding and how programming can open
    your doors to a new spectrum of possibilities. You can see a live demo of this project at: https://cell-model-3d.herokuapp.com/. It might take few second to load since I am using a free server to host the project.

2.	Tell me about something you have read recently that you would recommend and why. (Can be a Github Repo, Article, Blog, Book, etc) 
    - I am going to recommend this short quote a close friend share with me few days ago, "In life it’s not where you go - it’s who you travel with". The reason why I am sharing this quote, is beacuse it can be shared with
    anyone no matter their expertise or profession. It is just a nice quote that tells whoever the reader is to keep in mind to enjoy life's adventures with the people he loves the most :)

3.	How would you explain to your grandmother what Availity does?
    - I would tell my grandmother that Availity is a company that focus to produce a reliable health information network that allows tons of companines to solve communication challenges in healthcare industry. One of their many benefits is to exchange 
    tranparent information among health plans, providers, and technology partners
